File Summary:
Number of columns: 10
Description: Data from clinical laboratories include the weekly total number of specimens tested, the number of positive influenza tests, and the percent positive by influenza type


Column Summary:

Column 1:REGION TYPE
Description: 
Data Type: String
Possible Values: ["National", "States", "HHS Regions", "Census Regions"]


Column 2: REGION
Description:
Data Type: String
Possible Values: 
	When the region type is "National": ["X"]
	When the region type is "States": ["Alabama", "Alaska", "Arizona", "Arkansas", "California", "Colorado", "Connecticut", "Delaware", "District of Columbia", "Florida", "Georgia", "Hawaii", "Idaho", "Illinois", "Indiana", "Iowa", "Kansas", "Kentucky", "Louisiana", "Maine", "Maryland", "Massachusetts", "Michigan", "Minnesota", "Mississippi", "Missouri", "Montana", "Nebraska", "Nevada", "New Hampshire", "New Jersey", "New Mexico", "New York", "North Carolina", "North Dakota", "Ohio", "Oklahoma", "Oregon", "Pennsylvania", "Rhode Island", "South Carolina", "South Dakota", "Tennessee", "Texas", "Utah", "Vermont", "Virginia", "Washington", "West Virginia", "Wisconsin", "Wyoming", "American Samoa", "Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands", "Puerto Rico", "Virgin Islands", "New York City", "Los Angeles"]
	When the region type is "HHS Regions": [Region][1-10]
	When the region type is "Census Regions": ["New England", "Middle Atlantic", "East North Central", "West North Central", "South Atlantic", "East South Central", "West South Central", "Mountain", "Pacific"]


Column 3: YEAR
Description:
Data Type: Integer
Possible Values: [0-9]{4}

Column 4: WEEK
Description: The week is the week of the epidemiologic year for which the disease report was conducted. Values for MMWR week range from 1 to 53, although most years consist of 52 weeks. Week #1 of an MMWR year is the first week of the year that has at least four days in the calendar year.
Data Type: Integer
Possible Values: [1-53]

Column 5: TOTAL SPECIMENS
Description: The weekly total number of specimens tested.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: positiveInteger or "X"

Column 6: TOTAL A
Description: The number of specimens tested positive with  Influenza A.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: integer or "X"

Column 7: TOTAL B
Description: The number of specimens tested positive with  Influenza B.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: integer or "X"

Column 8: PERCENT POSITIVE
Description: The percentage of specimens that tested positive with either Influenza A or B.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: double or "X"

Column 9: PERCENT A
Description: The percentage of specimens that tested positive with Influenza A.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: double or "X"

Column 10: PERCENT B
Description: The percentage of specimens that tested positive with Influenza B.
Data Type: String
Possible Values: double or "X"

Region Types:
	National
	States
	HHS Regions:
    		Region 1 - Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont
            	Region 2 - New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands
            	Region 3 - Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia
            	Region 4 - Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee
            	Region 5 - Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, and Wisconsin
            	Region 6 - Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas
            	Region 7 -  Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska
            	Region 8 - Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming
            	Region 9 - Arizona, California, Hawaii, and Nevada
            	Region 10 - Alaska, Idaho, Oregon, and Washington
    	Census Regions - 
            	New England - Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont
            	Middle Atlantic - New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands
            	East North Central - Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin
            	West North Central - Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota
            	South Atlantic - Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, 
				Virginia, and West Virginia
		East South Central - Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Tennessee
		West South Central - Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas
		Mountain - Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, New Mexico, Montana, Utah, Nevada, and Wyoming
		Pacific - Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon, and Washington

Week - The MMWR week is the week of the epidemiologic year for which the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) disease report is assigned by the reporting local or state health department for the purposes of MMWR disease incidence reporting and publishing. Values for MMWR week range from 1 to 53, although most years consist of 52 weeks. Week #1 of an MMWR year is the first week of the year that has at least four days in the calendar year. 

Total Specimens - The weekly total number of specimens tested.

Total A - The number of specimens tested positive with  Influenza A.

Total B - The number of specimens tested positive with  Influenza B.

Percent Positive - The percentage of specimens that tested positive with either Influenza A or B.

Percentage A - The percentage of specimens that tested positive with Influenza A.

Percentage B - The percentage of specimens that tested positive with Influenza B.
